♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
After becoming the chief editor, my world changed.
Wow! What's all this?
It's not much, but eat up.
I'll eat well.
Why, if this isn't braised beef?
Our chief editor, have some first.
Mom's braised beef...
So delicious!
Thank you and bless you, Chief Editor.
[Editor-in-Chief -  Jang Hari]
Chief Editor.
How pretty! What's this?
These were delivered to you.
You know you're more of a baby, right?
Pretty.
Go to work.
Okay.
Looks like that seat brings out the worst in people.
What'd you say?
Cheers to your promotion!
Thanks.
Wow!
How do you feel?
Amazing!
Yay!
Today, it's on me!
This must be how it feels to have everything in the world.
I felt it for just a day.
[the baby - Editing Department]
[Female Bath]
[Bath]
Did you leave for work early because of me?
You probably didn't eat breakfast.
Well... Do you perhaps not recognize me right now?
No way. You're Jang Hari. My girlfriend.
No, you didn't recognize me.
It's not that I didn't recognize you,
it's because I haven't seen you in so long that I can't believe I'm seeing you.
Give it to me.
Yoon Doha, let's put on socks and go.
Okay, this. Here.
Hari didn't come yet.
She said she wants to get pregnant but look at her working again.
Did you not hear anything?
Is it because you're worried that she's going to live without a baby?
I'm worried that she's going to live alone.
But... is it possible
for a man to donate their sperm to a woman they don't know?
Aunt, are you okay with Hari raising a baby by herself?
What mother wants her daughter to receive hate?
It's my wish for her to meet a good man, have a baby, and live well.
I'm just saying she can at least have a kid since she might not be able to get one.
Even if it's now, everything is solved if she meets a good man.
I don't think she'll meet a man.
You...
Why are you saying such things after all I've fed you!
Are you saying she should grow old by herself?
Auntie, should I just take care of you both and live together?
You?
Well, like now, I can just stay by your side.
Like I've been.
My daughter, let's eat some food and prepare to leave.
Let's go.
You should contain yourself.
Hari!
- Oh!
- Oh my, oh my.
- Work hard.
- Goodbye.
Okay.
I can't contain myself.
When I see you, when sometimes I work not just until 2 or 3 in the morning, but all night?
Because I end today, let's date as much as we want!
Okay, let's do that.
Is there something you haven't said to me?
There are a lot of things I haven't been able to say to you...
This is such a nice time of the day.
The quiet hours that begin the day.
Before people come to work, let's hug.
Let's!
[Episode 10: Moments Where We Say It's Love]
Hyojoo.
Yes?
Do you want me to write it again?
No, just fix the stuff that I checked.
Goodness...
Did you get the manuscripts?
Huh? No.
Yunho, are you going to be this month's loser?
Yes?
Okay.
If we don't get the deadline in, we're going to get kicked out. Get your head straight.
Gosh!
Manager, you finished, right?
Chief Editor!
Oh, Eutteum is looking at the last one.
- Did you see all of it?
- Oh, yes. I'll hurry.
Hurry up.
What do we do with the decrease in advertisements?
Even so, we increased the advertisements on social media.
What if we decrease costs by combining the pages and the videos?
I've suggested that to some places, but I'm not getting any response.
It's done.
Thank you.
Chief Editor.
Oh, Eutteum. Leaving?
No, not yet.
I was scolded less this time.
Oh... I'm proud of you.
I don't think you'll learn from being scolded.
You'll see that you learned from watching your seniors.
Then I'll look at the chief editor.
Don't just learn how to bend your waist
and do whatever he tells you to do, from Manager Kim.
No, I mean I'll look at you.
Me?
What's there to learn from me?
Eat a meal with me.
You shouldn't tease an adult. Come here.
I'll give it to you if you promise me.
Look at this punk... Come here.
I'll give it to you once you promise me a meal together.
- Goodness.
- Promise one meal!
Meal! Meal. Please.
- Well, since you made me work out, I'll buy you a meal.
- Really?
You really... I can't believe you.
No. I'll buy it.
Do whatever you want. You really...
Thank you!
You're talking about the photo that's going on the restaurant flyer, right?
Of course, it's possible. I'm good.
Ah, yes. Ah, yes. Give me a call!
Yes, yes, yes. Thank you. Yes!
- Brother!
- Oh, you scared me!
Are you still working part-time?
Since when were you here?
Because I don't know when Hari leaves work, I'm waiting for her.
You're going overboard!
I can't stand it!
How many part-times are you doing?
Advertisement manuals, wedding stills, flyers. Anything I can get.
Are you having it really hard?
My kid plays the flute and she happens to be good. She's good but...
she says she needs to take lessons.
With the academy fees and this place's rent...
It's $5,000 per month just for my family to breathe.
It's a reality that I don't want to know.
When I look at you, I'm so jealous.
Why? Because I'm a bachelor?
You're still successful.
I'm usually not the type to get jealous over someone else's success.
But now that I've been working so hard, I'm getting petty.
Why did I turn out like this?
I think for me, it was hardest to live by working so hard.
Senior, you're amazing.
Punk.
You get ready to slowly be amazing, too.
Since you're dating Hari seriously.
Let's do this!
Wait... Sami-sami-hong-sam! (energy booster)
I need to eat this and perk up.
[the baby Editing Department]
Guys, go home and sleep!
Goodnight!
Good job! Hurry and get home.
Get home.
[Mr. Yisang]
Let's go home.
You must be very tired. Go inside and get some good rest.
Get home.
Sleep well.
Wait...
Can you change a fluorescent light bulb?
What fluorescent light bulb?
The entire house's fluorescent lights are so bright,
my eyeballs are about to burst. So, which fluorescent light bulb are you needing changed?
No, the fluorescent light in my room.
It's flickering!
Really.
Go inside. I'll change it for you.
Freeze.
Retreat one step.
Aren't you at the age where you finished civil defense?
It's because I'm sensitive to maintaining public security. As a former military policeman.
I'm sensitive to injuries as a former medical officer.
I'm an old bachelorette, so I'm sensitive to those bothering my dating life.
Control yourself. Auntie isn't sleeping.
Go and tell her. She'll be happy.
You must be tired after staying awake for two nights.
Go ahead and get some sleep. I'll change out that bulb for you later.
Get home safe.
You're bad.
Go on then.
- Where are you going?
- Let go.
I let go.
- Don't put your hand on me.
- Okay!
I'm a scary person.
Go inside.
The baby's going to wake up! Walk quietly!
Hari's home!
Auntie! This stew... I'll bring it up to her, right?
I'll bring it up to her tomorrow. Leave it alone.
No, she looked super hungry.
Really? Then I'll—
Ugh, Yoon Jaeyoung, that little—
Hey! Wait!
Oh my God, seriously!
Apart from emergencies, don't come up here.
It's courtesy that I come down.
This stew is in an emergency state of deliciousness. Come eat.
You're craving a drink, aren't you?
Not a drink.
A dog would stop pooping.
(T/N: Korean expression meaning old habits die hard.)
Why? Did you want a drink?
Ah, whatever. I'm tired.
Well, why are you so busy? Huh?
Why are you so tired?
Are you usually this busy or is it just this month?
I don't know. We have a lot of specialties this month, and...
It's my first month as chief editor.
In honor of your promotion, I'll get you a gift.
Whatever, I don't need it. What are you trying to get out of this? Trying to scam me out of double whatever you give me?
Why do you always think so little of me?
Hey, I've now stopped drinking,
I'm taking better care of Doha, and treating Auntie with filial piety.
I'm going to treat you well, too, so tell me everything.
What you want, what you want to do: all of it!
Huh?
Are you sleeping?
Go and sleep in your room.
Left, right, left, right!
One, two, three, four!
Diagonal steps!
Oh!
Good job!
Goodbye!
Yes, yes.
I do this on the weekends, too. Come out if you're free.
Aerobics is a great respiratory exercise!
Really?
I was in need of respiratory exercise.
Oh, that's perfect!
I also started because I didn't have good health,
but my body got better and had more energy so I got certified in it.
Getting old is a sad thing,
but your body hurting is the worst.
Do you know why grandmas and grandpas are strong?
No.
'Cause they're seniors.
(T/N: Word play. Sounds like "No Weakling")
Oh my, oh my, so funny! What the heck!
Oh, really?
You're the first to laugh at my jokes!
Why? That was so funny! Oh my, oh my!
Oh, maybe you and I are on the same wavelength.
I think so, too.
Is it going well with your girlfriend?
Yes.
I mean, I want to see her every day,
but I haven't been able to. But it's going well.
I see. When it's going well, it seems like fate and all.
But now that I've lived a while, I've learned that there are other fates.
What? Fates?
So even if it doesn't work out with your girlfriend, don't be too upset.
Your real fate could be the daughter of the woman sitting next to you.
The heiress?
Of a building; a huge one!
Oh, I'm going to... I'll get going first.
All right. Goodbye!
Is the old restaurant out in front a good place to eat?
You haven't eaten there?
Oh, uh...
I guess I got here at the perfect time.
Let's get lunch together.
I want to stop hating you.
I'm the bad one.
- That's why I'm clinging onto you.
- No.
You don't think you did wrong.
I'm also human. I feel guilty.
No matter how much I wasn't like a mom, I'm still a mom.
You've never come to see Doha before.
I didn't know how to see her.
Seo Jungwon...
I have a woman I like.
Why is someone with so much pride clinging like this?
Forget about us.
Is it because I still love you so much?
Why do I keep feeling like you cheated on me?
If that's not it,
if Jang Hari also loves you,
I'll let you go.
Damnit, I'm really...
- Where are you going?
- You scared me!
I thought you were just going to lie around in your bedroom for 4 days and 3 nights.
But the weather is nice.
I was going to go get some sun.
- You want me to go with you?
- No, I want to go alone.
Okay.
Go have fun by yourself, and sometime soon, bring him home.
Goodness... If you wanted to hide it, you should've denied it until the end.
What?
How do I trust your sense when it comes to a man? Bring him. I have to see him to know.
No, I don't want to. Are you going to tell him you want to meet his family tomorrow and have the wedding the day after?
Why are you so relaxed? I'm so anxious that I can't even sleep.
Just wait and see.
We have to go through all the steps no matter how much of a rush I'm in.
Mom, I'll be back after my date. Bye.
That little... You're so happy you've lost your mind!
How pretty.
I hope he's a proper one.
Wow, it's twinkling. Doesn't it seem like the galaxy?
Oh!
Would you please?
This is a good place to take pictures.
It's pretty. Plant cave.
Wow!
[Plant Cave]
Don't these look like hands?
That's true. Is this real?
I think so.
It's very fascinating.
I'm sorry, but could I ask you to take a photo?
Yes! I'll do it.
Will you please gather up?
Gather up.
1, 2, 3.
It's a bit dark here, can you move this way a bit?
Oh, a mining car?
♫ Like right now, every day with you ♫
♫ Don don don don don't forget my heart ♫
Han Yisang...
♫ Every day I wish to fly just like a bird ♫
♫ I want to go with you, wherever that may be ♫
♫ I feel like I've fallen in love ♫
♫ Take me up to the stars ♫
♫  Oh, catching teardrops in my hand, I will hug you when you are in trouble ♫
Location...
♫ I'll give you a hug ♫
My boyfriend is calling me...
- Yes?
- Girlfriend?
Where are you?
Ah, this is...
Could we find each other here?
Uh, wait. I'll find you.
End the call.
♫ When I'm falling down again, Oh down again I'm here ♫
♫ I will be your sunlight ♫
♫ I want to spend my day with you, like right now ♫
♫ Don don don don don't forget my heart ♫
Oh! It's my girlfriend!
- My goodness.
- My legs. Should we sit for a bit?
We're so used to being alone for a long time.
- Right?
- Is that so?
From now on, let's...
make it a habit of doing everything together.
You found me in one try.
Was this place too easy? I was wanting to test fate.
It wasn't that hard. I just got a feeling
and came here and tada! You were here.
That we could find each other so easily in this type of cave,
isn't that fate?
To be honest, there may not be such a thing like fate.
But when you fall in love, it might be that you want to insist it's fate.
Probably...
because people don't want to break up,
I think they say it's fate.
- Is that so?
- If not, then never mind.
What do you want to do now?
Do you want to eat something?
What do you want to do?
I... want to do what you want to do.
Don't match your preferences with mine.
Then it'll feel unfair later. Like you're the only one sacrificing.
I'm not sacrificing.
I just want to be like you.
Because I've lived my life doing what I want until now,
I want to do the things that the person I like wants to do.
That's how I learn about you.
Then let's take turns doing what we want.
I also need to learn about you.
Will you be okay?
If you treat me this well and I start hoping for more, what are you going to do?
If you keep doing favors, you'll become Dooley.
(T/N: Dooley is an animated dinosaur that says "hoihoi" every time he casts a spell. Word play with "favors.")
I'm sorry.
The dad jokes are a bit hard for me.
One day, you'll become funny, right?
- I don't have any more to show.
- No...
But... that's how we get familiar with each other.
That's why...
I'm trying to like babies.
It's not like I don't understand your perspective.
But I...
Me not liking kids...
- Silkworm pupae!
- was because of silkworm pupae.
- Silk...
Anyway...
The reason I didn't like kids
- Ice pops!
- Pops...
Ice pops!
What I'm saying is...
- I...
- Yes?
- Really that⁠—
- Mister!
... mister. I think I'm a mister. I'm so old now.
Mister!
Anyway,
I don't hate kids.
I know.
I know, so don't look at me like that.
I'll tell her. Do you think it's that easy to tell her?
If I tell her, she'll probably be shocked, right?
She'll probably be hurt, right? What is she thinks I'm a fraud?
I...
because I might lose her,
I'm very scared.
- Is Mom sleeping?
- Yeah.
I got caught by Mom red-handed.
If Mom asks about Yisang, pretend you don't know him. Don't curse him out.
Why? Is something wrong?
If I didn't date Jungwon, what would have happened between us?
We would just be like this. Why?
Do you regret dating Seo Jungwon?
I feel like by dating Jungwon, I missed out on my real life.
How did you forget about your undying love for each other?
It's still vivid for me.
I heard a lot about you. I was wondering when he was going to introduce you.
You're pretty.
Pardon?
You didn't tell me she was pretty.
Oh, her? Well, she has eyes, a nose, and mouth on her face.
She's not particularly pretty though.
You crazy...
I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything much by it.
Jungwon, why would you be sorry? If you did something wrong,
it's because you're so pretty that she can't stand it. That's your sin.
What are you saying? Saying that in front of your friend, you're embarrassing me.
Why? It's the truth.
You acted as if you two were the only people in the world.
Yoon Jaeyoung, the things you lost and your regrets are all part of your life.
Even if you go back in time, you'd pick her.
I don't have to go back in time because I know what I regret.
That's why you should have treated her well when you had her.
I did love her to death.
If I treated her well, she wouldn't have left.
I did regret that a lot.
But now... I don't see her.
A person's feelings are so shameless.
What's going on? Did they leave?
They went out to look for article materials.
Looks like they went out to have some fun.
What did they say?
They're upset that sales declined.
They also said to put more attention into the cover model.
How about Kang Hyojoo?
I'd be thankful if she did but she won't.
After seeing the news about infertile couples, a lot of people are wondering about the ovulation inducers so I was thinking we should write about it.
Sure, well, there are a lot of infertile couples lately.
Go for it. There are regulations to medicinal supplies so give me a list of the variety and I'll upload it for review first.
Okay.
Then I'll also go and look for an item.
Have fun.
- Work hard.
- Goodbye.
What's the matter, Eutteum? A meeting?
Do you have time on Saturday?
If I don't have anything, I'll make an appointment. Why?
Can you make that appointment with me?
That's going to be a bit hard. Are you talking about the meal from last time?
Yes. Make sure to give me some time.
I'll contact you on Saturday!
No... Eutteum? Eutteum!
I'm his mentor...
This is complicated.
What did you do for today's lunch?
Manager Kim bought it for me.
Although he doesn't buy often, I got him a precious autographed CD.
You did a big job.
What do your parents do? How many siblings do you have?
Where are you living?
A one-room studio. But what kind of meeting is this?
It's membership training.
Since we've somehow ended up working together frequently,
I think we should get to know each other better for a more comfortable working experience.
Do you know... the ring size?
I did it without her knowing.
You're more discreet than I thought.
So... when are you going to confess?
This week on Saturday.
Okay.
What?
I said okay.
[OHOPHAIR]
Put your career on the line and make me the human personification of "lovely."
I'm going to be in one man's memories forever today.
Welcome.
Hello. I'm here to buy a Cartier ring.
A Cartier ring?
Here's the product you were looking for.
This is... Cartier?
Yes.
I request the size to be this.
Oh, Chief Editor! Can you come out right now?
I'm at Mr. Jo's restaurant.
Really?
I'm also there! Wait a bit.
I... I...
You guys are playing a game, right?
This is hand wrestling.
We... are dating.
What?
Keep it a secret from Manager Kim. He's quite a bit backward, so.
You came? I'll bring a chair around.
Thank you.
You should sit down.
Eutteum?
You can sit...
Eutteum? Where are you going?
If Eutteum asks you to meet him with just the two of you, don't meet him.
If he says he's going to show you a masked dance, you can't meet him even more.
Eutteum can do a masked dance? I'm curious.
If you're curious, I'll learn it. Masked dance...
- Pull yourself in.
- Okay.
But... is it okay if Eutteum knows about us?
He's such a kind and innocent friend, so he won't tell anybody.
Don't worry.
Except for Manager Kim, every company worker knows.
They all know?
Of course. We all have eyes.
If you're going to hide it then don't touch each other.
If you guys are going to be like this, just publicly announce it.
We also had a hard time hiding it from you guys.
Sorry.
- You're going to eat whatever, right?
- Yup.
I thought we weren't being obvious.
There are a lot of things to manage.
Manage?
Is Yoon Jaeyoung going to continue living with you?
Until he leaves on his own.
My mom thinks of him as a son.
I'm sure it's bothersome but just ignore it.
He keeps trying to act like my older brother.
Like he's some human barricade. Don't worry about it.
Okay. I won't.
Then what should we do? A beer after we eat?
Okay.
[Call]
[Advertising Team Choikang Eutteum]
The person you are trying to call—
Why is he not answering?
Is it good?
[That guy Jaeyoung]
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Where are you?
Here?
A bar in front of our house. Why? You want me to bring something back for you?
What would I ask you to bring back?
What's he saying?
I said I'd have one. Look how many I've had.
Have you tasted the gambas? (taste sounds like gambas)
Wrong! Wrong.
It's only me that's drunk.
It's been a long time. It's nice to see you.
Do you want me to drop you off at your place?
Do you want to come to my house?
No. The fluorescent light was the truth,
but this really isn't.
I... want to take you to my place right now.
You're... supposed to race on the Autobahn,
but... I can't race with you.
Autob⁠—
What?
Because our speeds aren't the same, there will be an accident.
What does that mean?
Let's not ask for the reason.
The ramen smells good.
Do you want to eat ramen?
(T/N: Korean equivalent of "Netflix and chill.")
Do you want to eat it?
Ramen? What kind of ramen?
Cup ramen?
Auntie, a beer please!
I was... out for a short walk.
You sure drank a lot of beer this late at night.
Hey, quickly go home.
Thank you.
Hari, do you want to eat ramen at my house?
I'll go. I like ramen.
Make black bean noodles with some steak. Are the three of us going?
The two of us should go. That's okay, right?
Why? Can't the two of us go?
Why? Two of us can't go?
I want the two of us to go.
Let's leave after we drink.
Are you going to eat it, too?
I'm not eating.
What's with the ramen this late?
I suddenly wanted some.
You said you weren't going to eat it.
Did you really believe that? Tell me honestly. Did you or did you not know that I was going to ask for a bite?
You really are going to get hit one day.
Auntie, after drinking,
she was going to go to a man's house to eat ramen.
Hey!
What's wrong with that?
No, the meaning of going to a man's house for ramen is... Auntie, you...
He lives alone, right?
Of course, I'd go to a house where he lives alone. Why would I go where three generations live together?
Look at her! Look, look, look!
- Why are you intruding on her personal life?
- What?
Is he just a jerk who's only after one thing?
No! He's careful.
He doesn't take me to his place nor does he come here.
No matter how hungry you are, there's a process and an order to things.
You didn't boil the water, but you're putting the noodles in?
We're already at 100 degrees.
100 degrees? You don't put the noodles in even though it's boiled to 100 degrees?
If the man is 100 degrees, he should be able to cook the ramen on his palm!
That is what I know to be a man!
Is my wanting a baby burdensome?
Auntie, should I just take care of you both and live together?
You?
Well, just like now, I can stay by your side.
Like I've been.
You need to race on the Autobahn,
but... I can't race with you.
♪ It's time... ♪
Let's leave.
Okay. You guys worked hard.
You did well.
Bye. See you tomorrow.
I'll leave first.
- Soyoon.
- Yes?
Are there any household goods that came in? Something that I can install with my own hands?
I think there was some kind of a detergent that helps clean that came in.
This.
Thanks.
♫ No matter what kind of love, it's all right ♫
♫ Wait for me slowly, next to me. ♫
♫ Even if your heart is closed, you're my love ♫
♫ I'm nervous enough as it is ♫
♫ I'm going in for love ♫
♫ You're my everything ♫
♫ I'll tell you with my heart. My love is only one ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
Hold on.
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
Come inside.
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
You didn't eat yet, right?
No, I did. It's okay.
- Would you like to eat something?
- No...
[FSG-H Inj]
(T/N: male infertility drug)
Thank you.
What is it that you have to personally install?
So that you would think about me every time you use it,
I brought over an automatic toilet cleaning device.
Shall I help you?
No, no.
This automatic toilet cleaning device
not only gets rid of bacteria, but you don't have to clea—
It says you don't have to clean it for a year.
Are you going to read everything?
No, I only read three lines.
If you look at me like that...
I start thinking all kinds of things.
I'm saying this in case it's making you feel burdened,
but I'm not thinking about anything else.
At this moment, I'm only thinking about you.
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ Like fate   ♫
The Living Management Center has an announcement to make.
Our apartment is a space where children and teenagers are to have a wholesome and proper lifestyle.
Therefore, do not smoke and...
-This is the first time this broadcast happened.
-...and refrain from excessive physical affection.
I'll repeat it once more.
- An announcement...
- Our apartment is a space for children
and teenagers to have a wholesome and proper lifestyle.
Therefore, do not smoke and refrain from excessive physical affection...
Physical aff— aff—
Physical affection.
Hello, this is the security office.
The announcement is broken right now.
It's not turning off when I try, so even if it's a bit inconvenient,
Now.
for a little while...
please wait a bit.
Okay? Once again, I'm sorry.
Wee-woo. Wee-woo. Wow!
Hold on!
I'm telling you again.
The announcement is broken right now.
Se-Se-Security?
Security!
Your apartment sure does its announcements
in such detail.
- Security?
- Physical aff—affection...
You haven't changed the fluorescent light bulb in your house yet, right?
No.
Then... shall I change it out for you?
- Yes.
- Let's go.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Goodnight.
Seriously...
You're really... despicable.
What's the matter with him?
The bump has gotten a little bit larger.
So that's why my period cramps got worse.
How are you enduring, if it hurts so much?
Although you have a few months left before the follow-up exam, will you postpone the surgery?
That— Did you make progress with your plan?
That plan automatically got canceled.
I now... have a boyfriend.
Then prescribing painkillers for you is not important right now.
You came right on time with your ovulation date.
I'll prescribe you an injection so match it with your ovulation days and...
try to get pregnant.
I am in a rush,
but isn't a bit much to just go all the way...
[I hope our Hari's wish comes true... For sure!]
[Call - Jang Hari]
Yes?
Did you eat?
I did.
When do you finish today?
I don't think it'll take long.
It's because I have something to say.
Then... I'll be waiting out in front of the company.
Okay.
It's the list of ovulation inducers that you asked for last time.
The general affairs department is asking for the outside order contract.
I left it at the studio.
Okay.
[Ovulation Inducers List]
Where is Doha's stroller? Is she sleeping?
It's in front of the door.
What?
Here.
Can you not see what's in front of the door?
Why didn't I know?
Where has your head been lately?
Jaeyoung, do you like Hari?
Yes.
I like her... but I don't know what to do.
Auntie, what should I do?
Soyoon, make a pose.
- Like this?
- Yeah.
That's good. Okay!
It's a piece about signals between a couple that lead to success in bed versus ones that fail.
We have to take pictures of the shadows created by a man and woman behind the paper.
Who are you talking to right now? Me? Why are you telling me that?
Because Chief Soocheol needs to take the photos.
The only man and woman here are you and me.
No, no. I'm here.
It's good but you should move forward a bit, Yisang.
Okay.
Stop. There. Wait a moment.
I have something to ask you.
What is it?
I'm really not trying to burden you at all.
You putting in effort to like babies is because of me, right?
We haven't married, nor have we promised to,
so I know it's weird talking about this.
But marriage is more difficult for me than babies.
A child is a family that I have no choice but to love once it's born,
but I believe marriage is something I have to do with someone who will be my person until death.
And I dislike even more getting married because of pregnancy.
I understand.
But... I'm already late.
So I've been told that if I'm late even more, I may have to give up on getting pregnant.
Hari, go forward one step.
Yisang, you too.
Stop!
I didn't know I'd develop these feelings, but if I were to have a baby,
I'd like to have a baby with someone I love.
I... want to love with you, too.
But...
it's... hard for me to have a baby.
♫ In that dark, scary, and silent time ♫
[Ovulation Inducer List]
♫ At the end of the long day ♫
♫ You are standing there like always ♫
[Oh My Baby]
What do I do? Like me, he also suffers from infertility.
Was it this? You selfish jerk.
If you had that problem since the beginning, you shouldn't have started anything.
If you didn't want to hurt me, then you should have told me earlier.
- Let him go. It'll only get harder for you if you meet him.
- I'll try everything that I can,
so let's... find the solution together.
What if I say there's no miracle?
I... don't have the confidence anymore.
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days  ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days ♫